
  WATTCP - TCP/IP library routines

  Copyright (c) 1990, 1999 Erick Engelke

     This software is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
     but without any warranty; without even the implied warranty of
     merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

RESTRICTIONS
------------
  You may freely use this library to produce programs which you may give
  away or sell in source format, or as compiled executables, or both.

  You may not sell this library or a portion thereof or distribute modified
  versions the library code in either source or OBJect or LIBrary format
  without written permission from the author.  The author still maintains
  copyright privileges and will assert the privileges of ownership for
  purposes of royalties such distributions.

  This means you cannot include WATTCP in a programming toolkit which
  you sell or give away without permission.

  Portions of this code were written or enhanced by others and offerred
  to me for distribution in WATTCP under my copyright.  To my knowledge,
  all copyrights exercised are listed at the top of this file.  If this
  is incorrect, please contact me so I can rectify the situation.


OFFICIAL SITE
-------------
  www.wattcp.com directs you to the latest information and files.


DOCUMENTATION
-------------
  A programmer's reference manual I wrote is now available from the
  publisher.  They provide no additional support and cannot help
  you with any aspect of the software.  But they do pay a royalty
  to me which has been used to compensate my costs for developing
  this software and extending it, so I am very appreciative.

  That manual is copyrighted and protected by international law.
  It may not be copied without the authors permission.  And its
  sale does not constitute a warranty or an automatic license to
  use WATTCP beyond the terms described in this file.

  For payment they accept credit cards, cheques, checks, money orders
  and P.O.s.  Credit card orders can be processed over the telephone.

  The price is $50.

  To order, see: http://www.wattcp.com

  Prices are listed in US dollars.

 Please note, I am not involved in the processing loop for the manual
 and cannot tell you of the status of your order.

PROFESSIONAL or EMBEDDED APPLICATIONS
-------------------------------------
  WATTCP, as distributed, has a learning curve, and developers are likely
  re-inventing the same wheels.  I know this because I get lots of Email!

  Professional developers may wish to save themselves a lot of time and
  effort.

  My decade of experience with WATTCP and writing demanding applications
  (including web/ftp servers, CGI, server-side includes, SYSLOG, SMTP
  client/servers, real-time Web graphs) can be found in eRTOS
  (which also includes multithreading and pre-emptive multitasking).

  For example, you can add an FTP server to your applications with just ONE
  line of code.  Add a web server, complete with CGI for configuration
  and real time statistical graphs in just a page or two of C code.

  The package comes complete with a license for the Borland C DOS compiler.
  And while WATTCP is one component, the package contains about 68% commercial
  code which was never distributed except under license.

  For more details: http://www.ertos.com


Developers' Meeting Place
-------------------------
 Many of the key people involved in WATTCP frequent the
 comp.protocols.tcp-ip.ibmpc Usenet newgroup, and there
 are several people there who can answer most any question.

 If you need my personal attention (I seem to have less and less
 available) you will have to Email my address below.  I cannot take
 phone calls relating to WATTCP at my place of occupation.


      Erick Engelke                erick@engmail.uwaterloo.ca
      48 Daytona St.
      Kitchener, Ont.
      Canada

